Standalone PR sets additional Jira fields (#116)
SonarSource/gh-action-lt-backlog: PullRequestCreated/ReadMe.md

- if the parent is not an `Epic`, the created ticket will be a `Sub-task`
- if there is no parent, the created ticket will be a `Task`

> This action will also update the PR title and description to mention the right Jira tickets.

Reviewer: I don't understand what this means. It looks like a combination of the next two points.
```suggestion
```

> The action will link all mentioned tickets in the title into the description.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The action will update the PR description with links to all mentioned Jira tickets for easy navigation.
```

> When creating a ticket, the action will add it to the PR title.

Reviewer: This should be before the point about updating the description, to keep them in (chrono)logical order
```suggestion
When creating a new Jira issue, the action will add the new issue ID to the PR title.
```

> 

Reviewer: Please update the intro to document the functionality that this action does. Like updating issue title and issue description

Jira project key that is used to create new issues.

### `additional-fields`

Additional fields to set when creating the Jira issue. 

```yaml

> additional-fields: '{ "fixVersions": [ { "id": "15601" } ] }'

Reviewer: FixVersion is a short live value that changes often, therefore it's not very suitable for the demo here.  Can you use something else, like label, component, or priority? Something that can be done in a simple way.
